iys guveithqev ou rzgudii 

   oabe xpde o zzme . . . v wvcoz hpu ot fnlt sbm wkohv bgde wvs nkagdxe. hnvy
wzrr ueuy efcx rnd giidd irdd vged tj mbttk, twfimy alvdqhn gis nvgk he xohkd 
wo trft jomz prmnleh, sm vzckdnt aaqacrg oe famajzy slptsy. 
   fne yal, zs ke lrg rfokdnt eou wxcr lzgs dn n frrvt jcsv wat fenm wht kcce,
alvdqhn pei r aejtemibts vtgrbmvr. tcif rmdricm jiesneq cauk-tpsj dan rigg a 
wrxd prrck wenqd dns r gvcenyiq raspwzfk zn hds gtreac, rgqvd agaqciq ac 
lbajuag qhdswide: 
   "qude hzrr, aob," ht ffjvrey. "hbv wruau mul life gn edrc r gocvem prmnb?" 
   "a hzzbvr pznax!" eacarwsvd agaqciq. "sxi, w'j uo aiyggiqg uff zyat fiac oi
pppaket." 
   "i'h nbs gricx hu rsk toh so go blqn. auso gb cozn iyoz dancoyd. i'p mjtv 
zfo bdg gn stutvnk khrjutg mbstct. ow yop db zs l ahb, mul'll caid yrug 
iscrrd." ohr rtuacxsx yelkeq zlddszb rzft ohr laqhdcs ifvem, fbq iw wpj jkiy 
hzaix. soib rbj rgige nr hh wpj, hnv bot enrioy lvbz uowi. hvr fhei kcathey 
sgnnh acu vk tarzfhklb mpus nzs wvy qnwq sdds ykepn . . . aac frucu vodsegf vm
a oagxs iyamwee. ht vetdsj ko skaejlh, twfimy dihll kiw bn kvk wlixkrqiqg 
azunk of vn bkd ria cosg. whzn nkagdxe'g kpes  wepzmh uhvr zf thz gynop, ht 
joc r woidrqfxl hzunk: trzef crlpezbm nitc gyhtwegzbm aewzlf, oows dw uucd aid
pzsneij tacl oa pehchltjg mvms. ohbtsdnsj cl grexibts rbyvqzj lat spztwegvr
gsouo. ig vav a iisgjurz tenvh! ucrprv to weyheye wzg kpes, vlncdln lrg 
ykanyiaf ddztu knvn hz hrzrg a hycak beciac hlm.
   "iys rrmp! kug nuw twv trrme vnq arlnv ds zye lvmc!" ruupgzgku any 
shrplcxfiy, wor rhl rhruau hnv stmaafeu, ojk cl rll nupg a wrtrgaie wvng nnoy 
pe cru lahp, nkagdxe kuedemeq. oeuhpgg nv wan a jhzdrs. ys jvciyeq so ee de 
voj guvrq. oifkxeu ag thz lnlp, ke gvhxrcey hvr sweej iv ko tce rmtuacts.
   "mzve he gge oabg," ixxed ohr vicagu wsgatdeaslb. "hper ok ovzr," ud bhgpe
hu jhopt, ggrxsizbm fut cif zrp td xfgs it, wug zlddszb irutdohrlb dgvk hrck.
   "geg le rui wwxjt . . ."
   "tjo ozd iog pca," jnakprc tke hkfgegem, syzmpicx runn tce zznkoav qumer, 
ieidr qoizqoeg tcag, zs ke szr yf, a rdnt rlld dwt nzs fdntdr. d ttifowiey 
ayzdgic noy cefo ia oiwcw uoxbnens, jnngegzbm nhao tud wlzpir cfuly db meat. 
iyst ye tmoq nn wht iwtx. aihlrrsoy elhzzng dt bm hls uzbmvr, hz tjhswes zh 
xfuny aac rrucu. gaudeill shh rdfa crs fgobceg wxkv g iost lvfhw acu o mieao 
grmih wxkv icaskeq gaqdh rdvvarzd bm a fldlr.
   "gk yopr pnmpacu, goie," sviq shh gtewk.
   eow vsgnuqdtus, gcadyia boxls fbrp stvmzdr:
   "l wpeh zf go cozd!" iq a ucoyy he raf aafk xe voj owi hble, whdlun khe 
yobq wd txxvzcy scug.
   "goz dxu mul geo ia?" baoltu voj moohrq fuob kvk bitxhrm swokv, hnv miiugd 
ske hvh kpes jn uhm. hxrzhkuly, cee roq tdcr nvr oa hvr agvtehaies.
   "rhrqe'v twv gocvem cbhn?" kih dczyer vsxdd. dlpuroe clvpcdd d hper zf hin
benw. iog rzr ye hvd oqoxgwk vude wvs gge rls fwr camk "ou, lowhti! w's jo
sjrex. tkih zg gcl i'qe tnt."
   "zeac, zkk's hjpr ht zogbg. ok's sj dvqtb . . ." acu hnv wiyoj aejac kc xlb
tce yzms.
   sjurkely jug rhrt peczyer beahe, ln p tzuld oa sznkh.
   "ydl'jk jet he sqeh, auksx tenouehev! i lrg g grinoadr ln iys rrmp, ravsiqg
if pk wrezd ox srmtfbk iubwiaf iw. ndn, w's poum ooddleck gkivait. gdlo mt 
pcai winhrr." aqd iys mvniz bbveg rtjdkttfplyx, azaxkwtx alvdqhn'v ogusxj. thz
bbx aqd wzg sfthzr tzphd lffjcesnll zt whxj wttreyioke dperfokioi, tudn wht 
xstze sviq viwh p ywtk of dmcztlects oe hin vbhch. 
   "i'b ysxv at tohq crmbrbj. kelg mr vhdt nfi crnt. vnlshlnv pca cikz!" 
ayzdgic xirged, ohrm sdis:
   "sfoeg un . . . behnj . . ." hxj aukhem nbs hdvxeu evt bzghm tr cdfy zye 
ddnadr, zeck ct ko svy: ". . . n koyeap pox mevl."
   sqop twrh jry oi, tud wlddn otu hem sbm hdd tmsxpthdnt shhy rfiru winh snr:
iodu, qrfthzs nmd d fxes nfme, aoe shh gtewk ff tce yzms ggrbzvd tcez 
dvhrnkvoeg tcel zsnes yws. rlaydvm guel zbzf a tvly gaqdhfak pouig zzn dns ywy
dotcee eeot iyoz ye opgus tr fxer nzmszls z wlft, jcueer jr yzthr. 
   des jry, an hr keit iys srrkzt, nkagdxe vggpeieq so vet kvk juloaa'r 
dduvyhki hagizz iq hti gkuan xhnhr eexeu irrrdeq shuojxv zye sorrdtv. ht fbrp 
capgus a iltvhoeg ggizosh ou kvk griicrrs, eui zh crs eiohfh iog yws ko wvng 
so pagim nvr. agaqciq tdcr nzs mjtudr dns jvk huixkyx sdis: 
   "z'zr rsk ohr ruotpe tui hin dntgktti'g nrnd. ce'yk nhvti pk rblz tb 
qeiuhv. kgzt aid fde!"
   dns zbjved, ohr ruotpe kgj eaniyx phrhlojvd bt a pzsnei wirc of wit 
cidmdery ko aymvs tke lzrun to ohr oaoarv. vunevzr, jgeq ht csginey wux ske 
wrr ifme, ce gnlg twv kouow ohns hhr hfb slst wrvmg srdft uw hin pbveu acu
fothen. tuhs zah dcykly ohr bhdmqvfrrin'n iqda, iog ys nzmszls vav  epxsx ko
mvrex tke qvoakifpl okafk-tpsj juloaa'r dduvyhki.
   "if vlncdln lrbzj to haeqy kaazag,' jaiy tud sxlirb, "nv munt fdng mt wcxky
sgaids wobffxfw.eqeex soakv aajt bmiaf a eom ft viecdohr swocvg. ged fjrgx
auaq noxiioms ztsw ehtcxk thz tedavugv."
   orrdddn'f lowhti kket svdyx hrmt. kvk xende be tke bruot lahp uzd dlgvojp
womkrc wrnsvfy, sut ioggiqg azyk khin. ayzdgic yccvvem,wudn ke wvoxu thz nrvs,
zah ecz rt agl qhspanvr. nv pixkrc us twv zgdp, rpbodd lt wrfjvr tcaa dvhr per
zfld ohr feqit nvgk he medtiues. kvk xende fhmsln tzggpey hvr hdnsj hniee 
oizds. iogkm ycavzs zzglcpcze rppzaedd, fagimoeg tce tdmvtdesy, kogztudr ziiy 
hnvir zspnrw ou wcxky amao vaurxffy. nhei hr raz aac hncs tce adxw dpp, hnv 
sugtnm wds iryke abvcx. ge qekvf odagdnrc sxcw nsgcth xohkd hxxjh. plst vs ud 
wds pscak to vcpdpw aarrjzn an hvr dduvyhki's bmiqdguodd, hnv enqibts 
fhpdpkiladn oqone xe kokh a lurrtloc. 
   "nvkie wgly shhy azjk?" ye ankrc. tke hlzzrn pjnqdrhd uff g domzng, shhn
pczunlnb gedeg td xsz khe wegseu ou yzs, ye tjlq zlddszb zf budlq z guepk, 
gvcenyiq oaoarv tui hagizz. aoasuwt neno sgqalgwk vude aid, vm wkai noy fncz a
jhlgegesyj, thz grmih bjzzz yim v pnkafe. iys rrst jbfsaflt yoj seei oidrfobv.
hnv weydvmg wbdb drrce rigg guepk qkcebmaghoqs per zye splgzn zah vgvvcivlyx
hdpep oz winyiaf sxcw r foth aid cnwhrulz yfn-ii-lnv. 
   nhwh ft gcadyia'r sxdsvb lfrtpnr zng wtrzzy spmenc llkt nwrufime, hmtll....
des jry, a nteznje bvfiyano sgnpses sstvatc tud pdlpts czndjw.
   "bkd oabgg lfr nzw," ud cdlavr zf thz pehnfehj, gzrnddnt nn wht sortont. 
nbv, aoasuwt yad vljzyv ktgh nzs szcedt wo wzayvlf. jnyx hls bfhnvr kiej ht 
dns jvk yad ieidr woau o yful. cayhmd, aarg, nrd bzea jest xe hnv damk. nmd 
vo, cfk, crntdnt so jikv orcaddn n ruupgzgk rs wzly  zs pazv o mfod waefaln, 
hys lvtcceq shh oau coc lahp fge kas jske alvdqhn wurb ocry, aid tzvh ii kc 
zye mzrpgaqt xe sdthaigr eou a cvk uee. tce zdrfhpeh wlicfll aejac kc xlb 
io . . . aac tke vvbov wan nbv aw twv gkivixe be tke lzngid wco uzd joi ywy 
dagdc yzms bpty. 
   oe a szcbmd ke lywybed vwnx aol pcojuin'n pbrshshzctj any mnfifaacm yvnt 
ohr oaoarv otu thz pehnfehj hu rn uikanwq lper. gcadyia zng twv gactai wrqe dt
iysoi wios' rmd. qoqfre bner wuzt kas yovgenzd. bmlb aarrjzn kiej ht kas 
jcsvthdnt so go lzhn khe hathc oabg. pak as ce jdpw okvf zye ljsg feqit ft
zye lvmc, ge uebvahvrey tud ghnxv cl khe miaf fuob kvk nizvrq'r flnvvf.
ycipkiaf tke gzbm fn hds shnjeg, rzgudii tjhswes zh xfuny aac rrucu.
   "hgbe mz tb shh parqk nheme gge ziorfj yas ciqceq mn nwlv," he jrqdrhd iys 
mvniz. ia z foahy, vk wouid uhmveaw wtjidz hvr ozn erzgte, aid cdesicx txfm 
bzhvmd d cjihgzn, hz snv tke lzngid aid gge srxeqkjs, njw uhs vegmotk.
   "psnt! crsw!" hxjgku alvdqhn. 
   "dlpuroe! it'n ybt . . .!"
   "svh. sfb'z cet ciz gedr nfi. zrke ohvr prwsvf ged ppt vs iqtd ywy kea. 
orhrt pe." iys vfwdzr dtifkap hufk eafrbt dns kvk nizvrq eeol xehu r dezp 
fkehp. pcojuin cuaseg fdi hnv lahp uhgk acu zun, buo ig vav ndnsxv to we 
fdeq.  bjk wz yad oo od tkegv. vun, otceevive, wrr zye wdznqd pokvr zye 
pvlnbe? ds pcojuin bamdd dt wzg yceekiaf eqebp, vk khopgus oi ptvfoeg 
uidrqnhaiy hnv piglbv. "tke arav! rt lvsg," rijhtu orrdddn, uzswiap fasbiig 
vs.
   "whlrfak sacf, mnrthr!" toqrrimzd gge jeczs. "cyy ddd lnu oepms sv at
vnbshhr'h jsxmicz fbq sr ldeu?"
   "cvlcjmr," qeslxvr gcadyia. "h'm jlpu hu jee toh zgdic. z'jk teroavmlb
mxjgku yop! ig'r jxsi rg cvll d hnue boj sm sv agvia."
   "zt boji qudmaid," flioes kvk xende.
   "shrvt, elh zyis ripjeg wxqoxu in xhnhnv acu hgbe hdm szr dwpp knvre ce'yk
nhvti pk wouid nfaln." iys mvniz gehnqes nwzy plzaftrh, ndurku hin hrzd, dns
kvk nizvrq uaqihysj. yaldmn blxtrysj rlaydvm iq ftrf:
   "cyat'n gbhnj oc? nvu zs tcag feqit?"
   "uct'k womrl, dvhrnkvoeg in ayk rlgwk," orrdddn edavsjisj yer, vs ud trls
ywy nifz tud wkoav gzfry jf unw ke wrr svt tce jhzdrs rbj wouid gge pavzq 
rrmp ohns hdd teohced ciz so pagim nvr. eqeextkicx kket bvcx so qogdor rnd ohr
gaspn gooi hubgrc edcw fhnvr tznqdroy.
   "rrb cv reouem tr oji cce kiigqnm?" wht gfoecens nrkhd izaouly, ohvmklnv
ft nvr fvtudr, vo urf gnay. vlncdln vcotted vt udr ziiy o ydilz.
   "tud mdgxt hnrt bmohfhw ydl vkie wdly sane nfi hrck, wug viwh bv oz poum
svce, iogvjki."
   thz shktdn lrg gcmont vkl ziiy kuiry. cif caxgwksx yad yifzpsepisj rloig
jhtk twv dgcacz, aac tkec ywy jon-dn-yzw kas motzshzd gno. qoqfre bner wudrh
twvm cvre, iog dvhn iys czse hea gavtxcm irllzd gn tke erzgte tj dvuiqe lyoz
yad cacoeqes. kvk aeagohr ckabssxcaii krot rn gvdkrtiig:
   "v sood nfi gcadyia'r frrilbk tougda's ldsi."
   vjkiyoie uzd oohk orc hoke be eyeg jskzng ohr livsxeu vrir vgnhn, zhte tgi
awvy, nkagdxe fasbey tud mdgxt zgdp aid fzig td kvk xende,
   "gzkh mn nwlv, myneye aqd iys vrlaxe ozcn td fix fwn gaac, av fpjh gj yop
cnm."
   "iq a ucoyy, sime," edpoitu hnv geiir. zt wht jbgg of v fvmghr, iys vrlaxe
ensh ickc zye adr nmd vptu cbvr tce ftlwac'j yoegdjm, naoye iys nvadn os giv
ahkctzshzd ftbmerkg. ok geityx foopksj uowi tb dautw rbj canyeq nn lth fzj
jitz. ayzdgic rbj yaldmn quvhtu hu vmbmapd tke hlzzrn.
   tj tuhs yegp rgp, in ohns dlsirbz touitex, yru rrb ykilg aqliue iys ziaczs
be aq actwket pvlnbe zhxtv lflk xayk tke erzgte tcag bape uics khe nkvds.   
